Look fine and...
I think she had at least...
I have six. Yeah she has at least six or seven.
She doesn't stop having kids for a long time.
yeah yeah
After King Amiri? Or before?
yeah.
Yeah.  haahaa
yeah
haahaa haahaa
haahaa
haahaa (***)
you
haahaa
yeah i have (***)
ahh
Oh, I have it.
It's okay, it's okay. It's just the outside.
(***)
haahaa
mmmmmmm
(***) mm
haahaa
(***)
huh haaa (***)
mmm
okay
haahaa
(***) movie
Top three.
(***)
oh (***)
haahaa
ohh
oh
haahaa
(***) haahaa
you
haahaa
yeah
huh ha
(***)
yeah haahaa
ah
(***)
awww
haahaa i see
mm
Lord of the Rings.
That's my comfort.
Like I was listening to it on audiobook this week So what did you think?
I don't know how many times I listened to that part.
Pick my favorite chapter and start from there.
yeah
Three books? If I had to choose one, I'd probably choose the last one.
yeah which (***) Yes.
I think they did a really, really good job on the movie.
(***)
ahh
My friend, the hobbit.
And the Silmarillion. and